docs(instance): updated security groups def (#6597)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/instances/concepts.mdx

## Stateful security groups

Stateful security groups keep track of the state of active network connections. If an outbound connection is initiated from your Instance and allowed by your outbound rules, the corresponding response traffic is automatically allowed, regardless of your inbound rules.

This removes the need to create explicit rules for the corresponding replies. It is especially useful for applications that rely on dynamic or unpredictable ports for return traffic, such as web browsing, video streaming, or real-time messaging.

[Learn how to use security groups](/instances/how-to/use-security-groups/).

## Stateless security groups

> Stateless security groups do not track connection states; they evaluate every single packet entirely on its own merits. If you define a rule to allow inbound traffic on a specific port (e.g., port 22 for SSH), you must also ensure your outbound rules explicitly permit the response traffic to flow back out to the client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stateless security groups do not track connection states; they evaluate every single packet based only on its own characteristics. If you define a rule to allow inbound traffic on a specific port (e.g., port 22 for SSH), you must also ensure your outbound rules explicitly permit the response traffic to flow back out to the client.
```

Reviewer: I'm suggesting this change only for the sake of non-native speakers of English. Otherwise, there's nothing wrong with the sentence.
